Various consistency updates, some fixes, mostly minor (#1169)
ietf-tapswg/api-drafts: draft-ietf-taps-arch.md

- Candidate Protocol Stack: One Protocol Stack that can be used by an application for a Connection during racing.
- Client: The peer responsible for initiating a Connection.
- Clone: A Connection that was created from another Connection, and forms a part of a Connection Group.

> - Connection: Shared state of two or more endpoints that persists across Messages that are transmitted and received between these Endpoints {{?RFC8303}}. "Connection" with a capital C indicates a Connection Object that is being offered by the Transport Services system, while "connection" with a lower case c indicates a connection of an underlying transport protocol.

Author: I thought it's important to clarify this, as we don't state this anywhere else.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Connection: Shared state of two or more endpoints that persists across Messages that are transmitted and received between these Endpoints {{?RFC8303}}. When this document (and other Transport Services documents) use the capitalized "Connection" term, it refers to a Connection Object that is being offered by the Transport Services system, as opposed to more generic uses of the word "connection".
```
